More Dict and Set examples (#33936)
JuliaLang/julia: doc/src/base/collections.md

Given a dictionary `D`, the syntax `D[x]` returns the value of key `x` (if it exists) or throws
an error, and `D[x] = y` stores the key-value pair `x => y` in `D` (replacing any existing value
for the key `x`).

> Multiple arguments to `D[...]` are converted to tuples; for example, the syntax `D[x,y]`  is equivalent to `D[(x,y)]`, i.e. it refers to the value keyed by the tuple `(x,y)`.

Reviewer: This still talks about the indexing of `D` so it makes sense to me to keep it in the same paragraph.

  * [`Iterators.Pairs`](@ref)

## Set-Like Collections
A set is a collection of elements, just like an array or dictionary, with no duplicated elements.

The two important differences between a set and other types of collection is that in a set you can have only one of each element, and, in a set, the order of elements isn't important (whereas an array can have multiple copies of an element and their order is remembered).
```julia
julia> colors = Set(["yellow", "blue", "green", "red"])
Set(["yellow", "blue", "green", "red"])
```

You can use [`push!`](@Ref) to add elements to a set:
```julia
julia> push!(colors, "black")
Set(["yellow", "blue", "green", "black", "red"])
```

If you try to add something to the set that's already there nothing will happen, because sets don't store repeated elements.

You can't use [`pushfirst!`](@Ref), because that works only for things that have a concept of "first", like arrays.

To see if something is in the set, you can use [`in`](@Ref):
```julia

> julia> in("green", colors)

Reviewer 2: Maybe the infix notation looks more familiar: `"green" in colors`

  * [`Iterators.Pairs`](@ref)

## Set-Like Collections
A [`Set`](@ref) is a collection of elements with no duplicated elements and keys/indices.

> So in contrast to `Arrays`, in a `Set` you can have only one of each element, and the order of elements isn't important (whereas an array can have multiple copies of an element and their order is remembered). As a result, iterating over `Set` elements is slower than `Arrays`.

Reviewer: I think the part about iterating being slower can be removed. There are `AbstractArray`s have the same properties as `Array` but are slower to iterate then `Set`.

Reviewer: This line is also quite long.

Reviewer 2: See also https://github.com/JuliaLang/julia/pull/33936#discussion_r373215632

```jldoctest set_collections
julia> colors = Set(["yellow", "blue", "green", "red"])
Set(["yellow", "blue", "green", "red"])
```

You can use [`push!`](@ref) to add elements to a set:
```jldoctest set_collections
julia> push!(colors, "black")
Set(["yellow", "blue", "green", "black", "red"])
```

If you try to add something to the set that's already there nothing will happen, because sets don't store repeated elements.

You can't use [`pushfirst!`](@ref), because that works only for things that have a concept of "first", like arrays.

To see if something is in the set, you can use [`in`](@ref):
```jldoctest set_collections
julia> "green" in colors  # or: in("green", colors)
true
```

To access each element of a `Set` you can loop over the elements:
```jldoctest set_collections
julia> for color in colors
  println(color)
end
yellow
blue
green
red
```

> You can also [`filter`](@ref) some of the elements:

Reviewer: Quite a lot of "You can", "You can", You can't" in this section.

Reviewer: In general, I am not sure if giving examples of many of the functions on `Set` are so useful here since it duplicated the ones in the docstrings. If anything, something like

> common functions used on a `Set` are `in`[@ref], `filter`[@ref] ...

could be done, and then the examples are in those docstrings.

Author: > 
> 
> In general, I am not sure if giving examples of many of the functions on `Set` are so useful here since it duplicated the ones in the docstrings. If anything, something like
> 
> > common functions used on a `Set` are `in`[@ref], `filter`[@ref] ...
> 
> could be done, and then the examples are in those docstrings.

These functions are not given in the following docstrings, and so I thought they might be useful to have them here.

  * [`Iterators.Pairs`](@ref)

## Set-Like Collections

> A [`Set`](@ref) is a collection of elements, just like an array or dictionary, with no duplicated elements.

Reviewer: It is a bit different from arrays or dictionaries though, since `Set`s have no keys, or?

The two important differences between a set and other types of collection is that in a set you can have only one of each element, and, in a set, the order of elements isn't important (whereas an array can have multiple copies of an element and their order is remembered).
```julia
julia> colors = Set(["yellow", "blue", "green", "red"])
Set(["yellow", "blue", "green", "red"])
```

> You can use [`push!`](@Ref) to add elements to a set:

Reviewer: Should be `@ref`?

```julia
julia> push!(colors, "black")
Set(["yellow", "blue", "green", "black", "red"])
```

If you try to add something to the set that's already there nothing will happen, because sets don't store repeated elements.

You can't use [`pushfirst!`](@Ref), because that works only for things that have a concept of "first", like arrays.

To see if something is in the set, you can use [`in`](@Ref):

> ```julia

Reviewer: named doctest?

julia> in("green", colors)
true
```
or using infix notation

> ```julia

Reviewer: named doctest?

julia> "green" in colors
true
```

> There are some standard operations you can do with sets, namely find their `union`, `intersection`, and `difference`, with the functions, [`union`](@Ref), [`intersect`](@Ref), and [`setdiff`](@Ref):

Reviewer: This seems to mostly repeat the docstrings, so I wonder how much value there is to have a secondary set of examples for e.g. `intersect` and `union`.

Author: I treated this like an all-in-one manual for `Set` separate from docstrings.

Author: Now that I saw the docstrings are provided in the `collections.md`, I decided to move the examples inside the docstrings themselves.

> There are some standard operations you can do with sets, namely find their `union`, `intersection`, and `difference`, with the functions, [`union`](@Ref), [`intersect`](@Ref), and [`setdiff`](@Ref):

Reviewer: I don't think the first set of `union`, `intersection` and `difference` should be code quoted since it isn't code (there isn't a `difference` function, for example).

```julia
julia> rainbow = Set(["red","orange","yellow","green","blue","indigo","violet"])
Set(["indigo", "yellow", "orange", "blue", "violet", "green", "red"])
```
The union of two sets is the set of everything that is in one or the other sets. The result is another set:
```julia
julia> union(colors, rainbow)
Set(["indigo", "yellow", "orange", "blue", "violet", "green", "black", "red"])
```
The intersection of two sets is the set that contains every element that belongs to both sets:

> ```julia

Reviewer: Should be a (named) doctest?

  * [`Iterators.Pairs`](@ref)

## Set-Like Collections
A [`Set`](@ref) is a collection of elements with no duplicated elements and keys/indices (unlike `Array` or `Dict`). So in a `Set` you can have only one of each element, and the order of elements isn't important.

```jldoctest set_collections
julia> colors = Set(["yellow", "blue", "green", "red"])
Set{String} with 4 elements:
  "yellow"
  "blue"
  "green"
  "red"
```

Use [`push!`](@ref) to add elements to a set:
```jldoctest set_collections
julia> push!(colors, "black")
Set{String} with 5 elements:
  "yellow"
  "blue"
  "green"
  "black"
  "red"
```

Since sets don't store repeated elements, `push!` will not have any effect for pushing the elements that are already in the set. Also because `Set` doesn't have a concept of "first" (unlike `Array`), using [`pushfirst!`](@ref) to insert an item at the beginning of a set will result in an error.

To see if something is in the set, use [`in`](@ref):
```jldoctest set_collections
julia> "green" in colors  # or: in("green", colors)
true
```

To access each element of a `Set`, you can loop over the elements:
```jldoctest set_collections
julia> for color in colors
  println(color)

> end

Reviewer 3: This doctest is badly indented. It should be:

```
julia> for color in colors
         println(color)
       end

Author: Thank you! I was confused by this.

  * [`Iterators.Pairs`](@ref)

## Set-Like Collections

> A [`Set`](@ref) is a collection of elements with no duplicated elements and keys/indices (unlike `Array` or `Dict`). So in a `Set` you can have only one of each element, and the order of elements isn't important.

Reviewer: I don't really get the "keys/indices" part here. A `Set` has no keys. So perhaps something like:

```suggestion
A [`Set`](@ref) is an unordered collection of distinct elements (unlike e.g. `Array` which is ordered and can have multiple equal elements).
```

Author: That part of sentence was saying `Set` doesn't have `key` or `indices`

```jldoctest set_collections
julia> colors = Set(["yellow", "blue", "green", "red"])
Set{String} with 4 elements:
  "yellow"
  "blue"
  "green"
  "red"
```

Use [`push!`](@ref) to add elements to a set:
```jldoctest set_collections
julia> push!(colors, "black")
Set{String} with 5 elements:
  "yellow"
  "blue"
  "green"
  "black"
  "red"
```

> Since sets don't store repeated elements, `push!` will not have any effect for pushing the elements that are already in the set. Also because `Set` doesn't have a concept of "first" (unlike `Array`), using [`pushfirst!`](@ref) to insert an item at the beginning of a set will result in an error.

Reviewer: I feel like this whole paragraph can be removed. This is mostly rehashing things that have already been mentioned.

Author: Here I am describing the context of `push!`.

  * [`Iterators.Pairs`](@ref)

## Set-Like Collections
A [`Set`](@ref) is a collection of elements with no duplicated elements and keys/indices.

> So in contrast to `Arrays`, in a `Set` you can have only one of each element, and the order of elements isn't important (whereas an array can have multiple copies of an element and their order is remembered). As a result, iterating over `Set` elements is slower than `Arrays`.

Reviewer 2: The last sentence sounds like you were explaining some causality, which is IMO misleading. The performance depends on the specific implementation of a set, which for example could be a “plain” hash map (then iteration would most likely be a lot slower), some type of search tree (if the elements/hashes are ordered; then iteration would be about as fast as an array) or a hybrid structure equipped with an array of the unique elements (then iteration would be exactly as fast as ... an array). I would remove that last sentence.

Reviewer 2: Also, I am generally not a big fan of single sentence paragraphs. So I would remove that whole commit.

Author: Current `Set` implementation is like this, so the sentence is true:

https://julialang.slack.com/archives/CF53T1DU4/p1580368042007300
> A `Set` stores the memory like a Dict, (i.e. a hash table), scattered all over the place, with empty spaces. It must jump around memory, often multiple times to fetch an element. And it must do a few simple checks every time it jumps

Reviewer 2: I am not saying that you are wrong. My point is that if the documentation is based on an interface and not about a particular implementation, it should not state any properties that only depend on the implementation; at least not without referring to (and explaining) that implementation.

Author: The documentation is about the particular implementation here (not a general interface). If the implementation changes in the future, we need to update this.
